spied on the track the question is
what's it like to live with on the road
one thing for sure diseases no morning
after car lots of road noise
man
the exceeds the ninth different delays
it has the same 177 horsepower over
k-series engine as the 340 R weighs in
at just seven hundred fifty kilos and
hit 60 in under five seconds it differs
from a sport by having a see-through
engine cover a road-legal real wing and
a street friendly front spoiler oh yes
it's got two seats
when you prove into town you're sure to
feel cool with all the envious stares
the exes striking lines attract but
don't soon feel a bit under the collar
when you buy the cockpit
now for the nasty bit Lotus demand
nearly 33,000 pounds for an exist and me
I'd rather save myself 10 grand and
settle the basic alleys and that's still
too much for you then you'll just have
to settle for version number 10
you